Fixed typo in "Customize the password reveal button" (#1613)
MicrosoftDocs/edge-developer: microsoft-edge/web-platform/password-reveal.md

---
# Customize the password reveal button

> The `password` input type in Microsoft Edge includes a **password reveal** control.  A user may choose the **password input** button to reveal the **password** field.  The revealed **password** field helps the user verify if the password is correct.  After a user has entered text in the **password** field, a user may choose the **password reveal** button or select `Alt`+`F8` to toggle visibility of the input.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `password` input type in Microsoft Edge includes a **password reveal** control.  A user can click the **password reveal** button to show the characters in the password field, to make sure that the password is entered correctly.  After a user has entered text in the **password** field, a user can either click the **password reveal** button or select `Alt`+`F8` to toggle visibility of the input.

```

By default, the **password reveal** button inserts into the Shadow DOM of all HTML `input` elements with the `type` set to `"password"`.  Starting with Microsoft Edge Version 87, users or [enterprises](/deployedge/microsoft-edge-policies#passwordrevealenabled) may disable this feature globally.  You, web designers and developers, should expect most Microsoft Edge users to have the default experience.

> <!-- ====================================================================== -->

Author: Hmm...when I edited the page via browser, some line endings were fixed automatically. Should I revert these changes?

Reviewer: @mikehoffms - I'll scope out

Reviewer: Let's keep the changed line endings, that the tool made.

I wasn't able to reproduce that automatic change when I tried the "." browser-based VS Code.  I haven't determined what the "line ending" change amounts to.  Comment dividers are supposed to be using normal line endings already.  I didn't see such an auto-fix in a different PR when I used the browser-based VS Code.
